{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9                                                                  \b\fs32 ASSIGNMENT-1\par
\cf1                                      IOT APPLICATIONS\par
\cf0\par
\fs28 IOT APPLICATIONS AND ITS FEATURES:\par
\fs24 1. Smart robotics:\fs22\par
\b0                                  A key feature of robots is that they interact with the world, making changes to the world through their actions and responding to events in the world. Robots perform useful tasks, extend the capabilities of humans and reduce our risks when operating in hazardous environments.\par
\b\fs24 2.Airbus:Factory of the Future:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\fs22  On-demand production.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Digitised supply chains to avoid excess stock, responding to actual production needs.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Improved data use.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Predictive analytics for machinery maintenance to avoid production holdups.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Machine learning.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Augmented reality.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Using IoT to improve communication within factories\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs24 3.Amazon: Reinventing warehousing:\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Training Staff. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab} Safety. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}  Security. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}   Market Proximity. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}   Parking and Space Surrounding the Building. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}    Storage Space. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}     Mechanical    Appliances. \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs24 4. Bosch: Track and trace innovator  :  \par
\b0 The primary inspiration behind the so-called Track and Trace program is that workers would spend a sizable amount of their time hunting down tools. So the company added sensors to its tools to track them, starting with a cordless nutrunner. As the resolution of the tracking becomes more precise, Bosch plans to use the system to guide assembly operations.\par
\b 5.Caterpillar: An IIoT pioneer:\par
\b0\fs22 Product Features\par
Sensor data collection through Open Hardware Platform. Machine Learning & Deep Learning using TensorFlow. Voice recognition using Google's API. Provides 10 basic sensor data bases and application examples.\par
\b\fs24 6. Fanuc: Helping to minimize downtime in factories:\par
\b0\fs22 With the new ZDT diagnostics tool from FANUC, we ensure that downtime doesn't happen. ZDT constantly monitors each robot's mechanical, maintenance and process health in real-time and proactively detects potential robot, controller, or process problems before unexpected downtime can occur.\par
\b\fs24 10. John Deere: Self-driving tractors and more:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\fs22 Fuel Efficient John Deere Engine.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Power Steering.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Oil Immersed Disc Brakes.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Dry Type Air Filter.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Coolant Reservoir Tank.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Digital Hour Meter.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Mobile Charging Point.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Helical gears with collar shift transmissio.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs24 11.Komatsu: Innovation in mining and heavy equipment:\b0\fs22  \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Number of Cylinders: 6.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Engine Make: 2238.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Engine Model: SAA6D107E-1.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Gross Power: 155 hp.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Net Power: 148 hp.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Power Measured @: 2000 rpm.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Displacement: 408 cu in.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Aspiration: Turbocharged and aftercooled\b\fs24\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 12. Magna Steyr: Smart automotive manufacturing:\par
\b0\fs22 With highly flexible development and assembly strategies, the company offers OEMs solutions for a wide range of services \f1\endash  from individual systems like door modules and roof systems to complete vehicles. Magna Steyr handles various production levels (extra-low, low and high volume), as well as peak shaving.\par
\b\fs24  \f0\lang1033 13.\f1\lang9 Real-Time Innovations: Microgrid innovation\f0\lang1033 :\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\fs22  60+ new features and enhacement to improve\lang9\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li1440\sa200\sl276\slmult1 scalability\par
{\pntext\f0 b.\tab}performance\par
{\pntext\f0 c.\tab}Usability\par
{\pntext\f0 d.\tab}Produt capabulity\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 New experimental features \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}20+new platforms\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs24 14.Outdoor surveillance:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\fs22 Low-Light Viewing. The lower a camera's lux rating, the better it can see in the dark for night vision application. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Wiring. It can be difficult to route the necessary cabling to the planned location of an outdoor security camera. \b\fs24\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b0\fs22 Adjustable. .\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Recording. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Web access (IP cameras).\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Picture quality. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Rain resistance.\b\fs24\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 15.Smart parking:\par
\b0\fs22 Smart Parking involves the use of low cost sensors, real-time data and applications that allow users to monitor available and unavailable parking spots. The goal is to automate and decrease time spent manually searching for the optimal parking floor, spot and even lot.\par
\b\fs24 16.Structural Health Monitoring:\par
\b0\fs22 Structural health monitoring (SHM) involves the observation and analysis of a system over time using periodically sampled response measurements to monitor changes to the material and geometric properties of engineering structures such as bridges and buildings.\par
\ul\b\fs24 17.Smart Irrigation:\par
\ulnone\fs22 Here are some features of smart irrigation systems that make them truly stand out.\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Easy installation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Design unique watering schedules.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}More efficient use of water.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Control from a mobile application.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs24 18.Patient Surveillance/Remote Patient Monitoring:\par
\b0\fs22 The advantages of remote monitoring of patients are: early and real-time detection of illnesses, ability to continuously monitor patients, prevention of worsening of illnesses and untimely deaths, cost reduction in hospitalizations, reduce the number of hospitalizations, obtain more accurate readings while permitting.\par
\b\fs24 19.Smart Grid:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Real time monitoring.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Automated outage management and faster restoration.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Dynamic pricing mechanisms.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Incentivize consumers to alter usage during different times of day based on pricing signals.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Better energy management.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}In-house displays.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Web portals and mobile apps.\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul 20\b0 .\b Sociometric badges:\par
\ulnone A sociometric badge (commonly known as a \ldblquote sociometer\rdblquote ) is a wearable electronic device capable of automatically measuring:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 the amount of face-to-face interaction.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}conversational time.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}non-linguistic speech features.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}physical proximity to other people.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}physical activity levels.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22                                                                                                                                                  \par
                                                                                                                                                 \b\i 18481A04B2\par
\par
\b0\i0\par
\par
\b\fs24\par
\b0\fs22\par
\par
\par
\b\fs24\par
\b0\fs22\par
\fs24\par
\b\par
\b0\fs22\par
\par
\b\par
}
 